this is definitely being beneficial to
us you know coming over here firstly
just to acclimatize before we head up to
Glasgow is massive obviously to be able
to get out there in court and you know
put out a really tough match it was
today
this is my first time to manchester and
obviously just the UK is such a
wonderful place for us to come and it's
been fantastic and you know we've just
really enjoyed our time here
and the media changes what I needed and
coming over here and being able to come
into the Manchester Thunder squad is a
privilege and I really can't wait to
learn on Tracy and change my game a bit
and see what the super league has to
offer
I just think the Commonwealth Games in
general it's a huge honor to be picked
in a side of 12 to even experience it
look at Commonwealth Games is a
highlight for any netballer so we're
just really excited about heading up to
gloves go tomorrow
this is my first comm games I missed out
for Delhi so it's pretty exciting for me
just to be named in the twelve to wear
the green and gold and represent my
country is is just a massive honor
our mentor the thunders to get two girls
into the Commonwealth Games team is
phenomenal and just shows how good the
program is here um watch this space it
could be very interesting Commonwealth
Games with sport of netball the great
thing about our team is they've got so
much versatility and we've got some
great young players who are coming up
and also their first time in the team so
I'm really looking forward to what we
can develop out there on court we're
obviously our goal is to win the gold
medal and it doesn't matter who we have
to beat to get there
you